srcpd-2.1.2 (2010-12-??)
  Fixed Bugs
    o Fix Lenz GA address handling (bug introduced in version 2.0.11).

  New Features
    o Support for up to 28 GL functions in Lenz module.


srcpd-2.1.1 (2010-03-07)
  Fixed Bugs
    o Fixed Loconet module start up.
    o Fixed not delivered INFO messages.
    o Fixed opensuse i2c module compile error.


srcpd-2.1.0 (2010-02-28)
  Fixed Bugs
    o Fixed counting of interface bus number as well as function and
      initialization of channel 2, 3 and 4 in ddl-s88 module. 
    o Fixed compile error if glibc and linux headers are installed
    o Fixed FreeBSD compile errors
    o Improved detection of power state in IB module.
    o Fixed some lockings in SM functions in IB module.

  New Features
    o Support for TERM 0 TIME added. Timer thread now is suspended
      if not used.
    o Improved Loconet support: GL, GA and FB devices, 
      may use a loconet-over-tcp network server.
    o Support for GA switching in Zimo module added.
    o New option for Intellibox module added to circumvent automatical
      but slow interface speed detection.

  General Changes
    o Improved timing for multi protocol mode in DDL module.
    o configure may be used to disable modules at compile time.
    o Manual pages reworked.
    o renamed loconet setting loconetID to loconet-id and getTIME to
      sync-time-from-loconet, it's more like the other settings.


srcpd-2.0.12 (2008-11-19)
  Fixed Bugs
    o Fixed some non ASCII characters in English man pages.
    o Fixed missing time controlled back switching of GA ports in
      loopback module.
    o Fixed accessory address calculation for lower four addresses in
      DDL NMRA module.
    o Fixed potential loss of INFO messages if they are send close one
      after another (e.g. FB messages).
    o Fixed some Cygwin compile issues.
    o Fixed Loconet address shift for INFO GA messages (reported by
      David Rütti).
    o Fixed session id check for GM delivery.

  New Features
    o Decoder programming for Selectrix module added.
    o Support for switching of GL F5..F16 added to IB module.

  General Changes
    o Some old copyright references for DDL module added.
    o Kernel version independend i2c header integration.


srcpd-2.0.11 (2008-01-27)
  Fixed Bugs
    o Fixed »switch power on« bug for DDL module.
    o Fixed microsecond value for GA initialization.
    o Fixed wrong milli-second format for INFO GA (was e.g. »x.6«
      instead of »x.006«)
    o Fixed wrong server time format for SM messages (same as above).
    o Disabled writing to 'stderr' during normal operation, this fixes
      broken debian package updates and srcpd misbehavior in SuSEs
      runlevel editor.
    o Fixed daemonization, process now is detached from controlling
      terminal properly.
    o Fixed a lot of not closed file descriptors, free memory allocated
      for configuration data, free used mutexes and condition variables.
      This prevents srcpd from eating system resources.
    o Fixed system freeze on Linux 2.4 kernels using ddl-module.

  New Features
    o Added 115200 as a new speed configuration value for LI101F (Lenz).
    o More comprehensive man page srcpd.8.
    o New man page srcpd.conf.5.
    o Man pages translated to German.
    o Enabled signal triggered configuration file re-read using SIGHUP.
    o Support for Generic Messages (GM) added.
    o Allow Selectix protocol (S) usage on loopback device.
    o Enabled Service Mode (SM) on loopback device.
    o Busy waiting of active information sessions is substituted by an
      event driven programming model resulting in lower CPU time usage
      and better responsiveness.
    o Timely detection of closed information sessions.
    o Support for the SRCP commands »INIT <bus> POWER« and
      »TERM <bus> POWER« added.
    o Support for SRCP command »VERIFY <bus> SM« added.
    o Operations Mode Programming and Service Mode Programming for DDL
      bus rewritten respectively implemented. This includes support for
      decoders with more than 28 speed steps.
    o Support for GL functions up to F28 added.

  General Changes
    o Configuration option »p_time« is changed to »fb_delay_time_0« for
      all feedback handling buses.
    o Threads library detection macro added.
    o Updated libxml2 detection macro.
    o A lot of internal code reorganisation and optimization including
      more expressive error messages for system calls.
    o Debian control files are removed from distribution.
    o Outdated README.ibox file removed from distribution.


Version 2.0 
	- SRCP 0.8
	- Konfiguration im XML Format
	- Redesign: Framework mit Modulen
	- Unterstützung der Gerätegruppe SM bei passender Hardware
	- viel mehr und neue Hardware, auch mehrere gleichartige 
	  gleichzeitig: Intellibox, Märklin 605x, HSI S88, S88 am
          Parallelport, I2C (Eigenbau), RS232 (via Booster)
	- Portierung auf FreeBSD
	- Loopbackbus für Modellbahner ohne Anlage(nanschluß), auch als
	  Ausgangspunkt für eigene Entwicklungen geeignet (kann alles,
          was ein "richtiger" Bus kann!)
	- Warteschlangen für Befehle und Rückmeldungen, nichts geht mehr
          verloren
	
Version 1.2 (nie veröffentlicht)
        - FIFO's für die Befehle.
	
Version 1.1 (SRCP 0.7.3 fork) Maerz 2002
        - RPM's (und deb)
	- Bugfixes
	- Neue Hardware: HSI-S88 von Littfinski, 
	- Kernelmodul für die Intellibox

Version 1.0
        - hmm. vergessen....
	
Version 0.1	
